Wow
Oh
do you have a favorite attraction here
at Disneyworld or any of the local parks
I'm looking forward to Splash Mountain
today we're we're hopefully gonna hit
that a few times today and just enjoy
enjoy the enjoy the parks and when you
come here I know you've got a huge
calorie intake every day what how does
the park food a factor into that it's
here it's anything anything you can ever
imagine you can grab here I love to eat
I look forward to to put some calories
in my systems have fun as a bento just a
whirlwind trip coming all the way from
Beijing then I know you were just up in
New York now all the way to Orlando and
you're all over the place what's you
know we went from we're from Beijing
Portugal Portugal London London in the
US and it's it's been a long trip but
I've been able to catch up on a lot of
sleep on the play and that's that's been
a good thing for gonna have you been
able to take it all in here at Disney
World having this is only your second
time here so far I feel like I've gotten
a lot I've been able to taken a lot you
know they've the experience of being
here and seeing the attractions and
seeing the rides and seeing the fans you
know he's it's been an incredible city
is my second time Kay like I said I'm
here for a few days so it uh I'll be
able to take everything you know